Core Java:
1. Why can't a smaller type of variable store a larger type of data? How can the compiler be forced to do so?
2. What is the difference between a switch statement and else-if ladder?
3. What are the two different ways to start an infinite loop? Write the output of the code below:
   class Demo {
	   public static void main(String[] args) {
		   while(true) {
		   		System.out.println("Hello world");
		   }
		   System.out.println("Code end");
	   }
   }
4. What are the functions of the 'new' keyword? How does the 'new' keyword behave as an operator?
5. How to differentiate between a method and a constructor?
6. If a variable is made private, where all can it be accessed?
7. What are the two key factors for the Child class inheriting the attributes and the actions from the Parent class?
8. Explain with an example how Multiple inheritance is achieved in Java. 
9. class Demo {
		public static void main(String[] args) } {
			Child c = new Parent();
		}
   	}
   	Assuming there are Parent and Child class already present, what will be the output of the code above?
10. Why is a String object considered immutable? Prove the immutability of a String object using an example.
11. What are the advantages of Collection interface over an Array?
12. Suppose you want to store the data of students in a data structure, which data structure would you choose and why?
13. Assume there is a blueprint of an Employee. What needs to be done to create a TreeSet object where the generic type is Employee?
14. How is a Map interface different from the Collection interface? 
15. When can a Lambda function be used? Explain with an example.
16. Assume there is an interface named as Inter which has 2 abstract methods demo() and hello(). How can I give implementation
to there 2 methods without creating an implementation class. Type the code below.
17. Using streams and built-in functional interfaces, square all the Prime numbers from a List of integers and store then in another List.
18. What is the difference between a Checked and an Unchecked exception?
19. Create a checked exception called as IdNotFoundException() and show how it can be handled in a Controller class.
20. What is the difference between an exception and an error? What causes an error in java?

Advanced Java:
1. What is the difference between the 'where' and the 'having' clause?
2. What is the use of a Cross join?
3. How is the '=' operator different from the 'IN' operator?
4. What is the difference between Inner join and Self join?
5. What are the 5 steps involved in JDBC and which step is not mandatory but is highly recommended?
6. What happens when a incomplete object is sent to the merge() method in hibernate?
7. List<Employee> list = new ArrayList();
	manager.persist(list);
	Is the above possible? Explain your answer.
8. How is the connection established between multiple tables in Hibernate?
9. How does Postman know which class to communicate with in Springboot?
10. Why is the save() method from the JpaRepository polymorphic in nature?

